[ADD] [15.0]account_invoice_date (#1166)
OCA/account-invoicing: account_invoice_date/readme/USAGE.rst

#. Go to Invoice > Click Create > Create new invoice.
#. Click on "Confirm" button.

> #. Select the date and Click on "Open invoice" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Select the date and Click on "Confirm" button.
```

Minor thing before the merge

Reviewer 2: Also it should be "click".

Reviewer 3: @AaronHForgeFlow, Changes are done, Kindly review it.
